the stock market is going wild and the
number one biggest risk has already
begun to take its toll you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
in today's video we are going to look at
companies like apple that have already
started to see what could be the biggest
risk to these big tech stocks I'm going
to explain why and I'm going to look at
what's going on with the gold price
hitting all-time record highs I'm going
to show you this even if you're not a
big time investor you have to understand
the big changes that are going on here
and now let's begin first things first
the fear and greed index I yes that has
come back a lot I mean it's funny how
quickly it can come back and uh when it
goes crazy and everybody's investing in
all these silly things it barely Finds
Its way into the extreme greed category
just a little thing to look at it is
broken down into multiple things Market
momentum So based on its moving average
like how quickly things have been going
it's the stock price strength you can go
through all of these links are in the
description but you can just go to a
search engine and type in you know
fearing greed index and there there are
some like this the breadth and things we
are looking at a issue that of course
has been going on for quite a while
investors who just book profits in one
of the strongest first quarters of the
S&P 500 Index in decades are preparing
for what comes next whether that stocks
climbing higher or crashing back to
Earth let's be clear about something the
rise in stocks that we have seen over
the last while has been incredible
there's no question about it back in
September of 2022 if you're here on this
channel I told everybody where it looked
like it would be and that that time I
didn't say that okay this is going to be
higher forever more but I positioned it
as it looks like this is the bottom at
least near term this is where we are so
I posted that twice on the community
section of the channel I also uh
included that in several videos along
that period of time that was September
and then into October of 2022 of course
that was the bottom and we've been going
up ever since the you know stock market
has really defied basically everybody's
expectations even some of the biggest
Bulls
and so we have seen it all along during
a time in which we were expecting
recession we were expecting all these
things economists were putting that out
there and we were having to say okay
well everyone says it's a recession so
do we then have the contrarian view in
this case well the most expected
recession ever never got officially uh
determined and classified so we'll see
what will happen in the next year people
have been saying yeah it's actually
going to happen into next year uh we can
hear a lot of the deflation talk and
things uh I'm not so sure about that in
my group the finance Friday group we
talk a lot about this um but it doesn't
seem like a lot of that will come along
when you print trillions of dollars when
you tell people that they have nothing
to worry about ever ever ever asset
prices can stay elevated even with a
truly weak economy okay and so if we
have a stronger e economy or a moderate
economy and then you you know dump all
this cash in on top of that at the same
time you have a lot of places around the
world that hadn't been doing very well
in the example of China the money has to
flow somewhere in the biggest
beneficiary of all of that of course is
stocks being in the US primarily with
the stock market sitting at an all-time
high in the SEC as the second quarter
Begins the uh this tells the Tells for
what Traders are thinking lying the
options market demand put options that
pay off if there's a minor correction is
around the lowest in years meanwhile
Traders are quietly picking up tail risk
Hedges instruments that do little if
there's a slight downdraft but offer
protection if stocks swing wildly so now
they're looking for some place to make
some cash that's what they're doing
they're saying okay um you know I'm I'm
done with the trade of the tech trade
I've put so much into that now what's
going to happen is it's been too high we
got to see a reversal maybe I should bet
on that that's what people are doing
right now there's a number of tail risks
that you can point to then the market
has moved a lot so I'm not surprised to
see demand for tail Hedges I'm more
surprised to see the lack of demand for
basic Hedges because people have learned
that the stock market just keeps going
up and we have nothing to worry about
ever ever ever and so they're tired of
that they don't want to lose money on
this so they're just investing in the
mega cap stocks just a handful small
handful of stocks and that's carrying
the market upward that's how it works so
you get the benefit if you own those
particular stocks or you own the BR
index because either way you're becoming
a beneficiary in this regard so I want
to talk about this though fed officials
still expect rate Cuts this year but not
anytime soon so we have seen yields
responding to that the bond market
responding to that it is of course
extremely important what the Federal
Reserve does not even just directly but
also indirectly okay I need to make that
clear magnificent 7 is back to the
greater than 30% of the S&P 500's market
cap okay your your top seven stocks
which really I'm you know you start to
narrow that down it's actually just a
couple but the S&P
500 okay is 30% greater than 30% of that
is just a handful of stocks that is not
a good sign now as the years have gone
on this has been the case like you can
see from 2013 up until now it's just
been rising but that's not a healthy
thing all right so people generally I
think for most
people what they should be doing if they
want to invest in stocks is to invest in
the broad Market because whether or not
like depending on which one you're going
to buy into you're going to be okay
because that market will just go up and
you don't have to worry about is it the
Magnificent 6 is it the Magnificent 5
simply investing broadly will be good
for most right it's better than a mutual
fund it's better than all these other
things gold prices hit another record
high after fresh us data Spurs fed cut
expectations that's right well obviously
during this period of time we have seen
an increase in in what people believe is
you know this demand for the safe haven
of course they're buying paper gold but
anyway you could look at the time of
this recording gold just shy of
2300 all right now silver has moved up
over
$26 it's been there before as you know
it's that metal has been depressed quite
a bit over the last several years it has
been much much higher historically as
well so that's a different story but
when we're looking at Gold what is it
it's expectation of the devaluation of
the currency that's it that's what that
is all about Safe Haven looking for a
place to park their cash Tech has been
the least regulated sector of all us
sectors this my friends is the biggest
piece of information that you will find
in the financial world today okay you
got to look we're going to look at the
chart again in a second here and I want
you to understand I've talked about this
for a long period of time okay because
I've seen this these numbers before now
these are
updated you look at all these different
Industries look at it across the board
financial industry now think about what
happened during the financial crisis
look at what happened during 2000 these
these events here they put in the bill
after they say okay we're going to make
sure we're going to protect them we're
going to you know put Institute this law
and what do they do later they roll it
back okay but even considering that the
financial institutions are much much
much more regulated than the tech
industry and what happened to the
financial industry over the last many
many years the more regulations they put
in the prices of those stocks just
cannot perform the way they did before
and that's potentially what could be
happening here with the tech industry
then think about artificial intelligence
as well so this is the number one I've
said this a thousand times before for
those who are on this channel you've
heard me say it the number one factor
here that could impact tech stocks is
regulation keep that in mind just just
look at it my goodness of course
manufacturing you want to have a lot of
uh you know scrutiny if you're going to
make let's say a supplement or something
or some sort of chemical agent that you
would be losing you want there to be
safety regulations and all these things
put into place Finance you don't want to
put your money in the bank and then that
bank could simply just walk away with
your money there's there's all kinds of
different regulations that are put in
place sure great transportation we don't
want Wheels falling off Vehicles like
all these different things I get it I
understand but when it comes to
technology when it comes to the
e-commerce the Amazon all these things
the regulation is
non-existent and now we have artificial
intelligence on top of this which has no
regulation so this is the one if it
starts to come through now they're
paying more than any other to Lobby the
government to make sure this doesn't
happen but they still might force it
through if enough people are complaining
about it maybe
maybe now this was from a little while
ago but I wanted to include it because
it is very relevant Apple loses $113
billion in value after Regulators close
in so many different reasons it's just
one company of course but this is what
you need to realize that yeah it does
have an impact Europe of course in the
EU they're always trying to clamp down
on uh the different companies for one
reason or another uh some of it is
certainly good like they um did a lot to
ban GMOs and all these different things
so that that in that respect very good
um we'll see what happens in this one
sometimes it just really over
complicates things and actually makes it
worse for the small businesses that
operate rather than the big businesses
so we'll see what comes out of this but
you know they try to slap Apple they try
to slap Amazon they just keep growing
bigger if they separate like for
instance if we have a circumstance where
Amazon has to separate the
the sum what is the what is the saying
the sum is greater than the parts but
anyway uh basically what we can have
here is a case where they split up
AWS from you know the Amazon e-commerce
side they say no you had you got to be
two separate companies well now you got
two different ticker symbols and maybe
both become you know very investable and
maybe they actually grow to be much
bigger than they were before that is a
very real possibility trying to split
them up doesn't necessarily do anything
you know to help people
anyway Reddit insiders have been selling
the stock after the IPO look at this the
CEO sold shares $16 Million worth the
CTO 6 million and the COO 16 million
okay they get out they get out while
people get in who better benefits the
most Ah that's right the top of the top
and in this case here the article is
just saying the wealth of the one% just
hit a record $44 trillion those at the
top will always continue to win and
everybody else is simply just a little
fish in this very big pond all right if
you want to know all the details you
want to be able to join the finance
Friday group I would highly recommend
you do so because in there I get into
the stuff for over two hours every
single Friday I want you to join there's
a link in the description yeah you might
have heard me talk about this before
Link in the description but actually go
there actually click on it and you could
see it for yourself why this is more
beneficial than all the YouTube videos
and everything else people get more
information in there than you will get
anywhere you can okay if you want to
find out about that click the link at
the top of the description and don't
forget to hit that thumbs up button
button on the way out that's how you
support this channel okay just hit that
thumbs up button and as always I'll see
you tomorrow take care